you know what I'm going to be a noob and
look at myself while I record a video
other people are all like oh no look at
the camera whereas I'm just like no I
would look at myself as much someone
anyways hi um I haven't made a video in
a while sorry about that I kind of fail
at life I dyed my hair black do you like
it I like it I went to the bookstore the
other day I got sweet Scarlett because
Maureen Johnson mailed me scarlet fever
which doesn't come out till 2010 yay for
winning twittered things also bought the
marina's triangle by her boo I'm
currently reading The Shack which is a
Christian book and its really really
really good and also i bought fried and
prejudice and zombies i've only read
like the first chapter of and already it
is awesome it's just like Pride and
Prejudice except with more zombies just
weird that's kind of implying that there
were previously zombies in the original
one there were not also my daddy was
just producing a deejay convention and
he came back with these awesome
headphones dude I feel like Paige
ralestone accept less fictional oh I
found my old ipod it is made of win i
synced it to my best friends on iTunes
because she kind of has way more of the
Fratellis and way more of the shins and
way more of everything awesome than I do
on my itunes because my daddy won't let
me buy music anymore I made a video with
a cute person you should watch it I
shall leave a link in the sidebar that's
the sidebar come on Alyssa you can do
this I saw 500 days of summer it is now
tied with garden state as my favorite
movie ever that is what's new with me
what's new with you also um I feel like
interacting with you guys more sorry I
haven't commented back or messaged back
or done anything I'm like Alyssa like
lately I've just not been myself now I
just hit my hands anyways so in comments
give me a subject just a subject it
could be a question but i prefer with
some like a word or sentence and i will
talk about it
I'll pick the top five and make separate
videos for each of them yeah so do that
leave a comment with the subject thank
you love you bye bye bye bye bye bye bye
bye bye